**Name:** Vee55, the Post-Apocalyptic Nomad

**Intended Role:**

> Primary: Carry, Secondary: Hybrid, Ranged, Poke, Solo, Marksman

**Background:**

> Vee55 is the only known survivor of a post-apocalyptic catastrophe from a far-away galaxy. His people occupied the star system known as Ralos-2966. He survived by positioning himself in a space-ready pod such that a nuclear blast would propel him into deep space.

> By luck (or the contrary), Vee55 has ended up among the League of Legends. Motivated by the promise of Lissandra, who claims she has the power to return Vee55 to his people, Vee55 had nothing to lose.

> Although not as brave or competant a fighter in hand-to-hand combat as the warriors of the League, Vee55 has the advantage of technology far-surpassing even the likes of Viktor, who has become quite a rival to Vee55.

> Visually, Vee55 should be similar to a [corporate light-infantry unit from the game Dystopia](http://i.imgur.com/9rxLB6e.jpg), holding a small gun shaped weapon in his hands, and a much larger cannon shaped gun on his back.

**Play Style:**

> Vee55 is a squishy, hybrid carry who excels in solo lanes and can be played like a Marksman. His innate ability, Chemocharge, allows him to build hybrid items without experiencing the distinct disadvantages of hybrid builds at higher levels of play.

> Ve55's all-in damage is weak compared to traditional marksmen like Vayne and Varus, but his long-range, unique abilities provide competitive poke even for the likes of Nidalee. Therefore Vee55 excels in disengage- and poke-comps.

**Stats:**

Health, HP/lvl: Low (Similar to Vayne)

Mana, mana/lvl: Special: Vee55 uses discrete charges instead of mana, similar to Rengar. Vee55 has two charges at level 1, and gains a charge with each upgrade of his E ability (Load). Additionally, Vee55 has no passive regeneration for these charges.

AD, AD/lvl: MediumHigh/High (Similar to Nidalee; Vayne, respectively)

Range, Animation: MedumHigh/MediumHigh (Similar to Vayne; Nidalee, respectively), with fast projectile speed (similar to vayne)

MoveSpeed: Standard (Similar to Vayne)

Armor/MR: Standard Marksman (Similar to Vayne)

**Abilities:**

Innate: Chemocharge

> Vee55's abilities are integrated into his standard bullets, and his standard bullets are charged with chemoradiation, increasing his magic and armor penetration. All armor-penetrating/ignoring effects give magic-penetration equal to 40% of their value. All magic-penetrating/ignoring effects give armor-penetration equal to 40% of their value. (These effects are mutually exclusive, similar to Vladamir's passive).

Q: Radio Bolt

> Vee55 launches a bolt towards the cursor's location, dealing medium magic damage on hit. These bolts bounce off terrain, stick to the first enemy they strike, and otherwise remain at their final position for a time. Radio Bolt has a standard ability animation.

> Maximum Range: 9 Teemos, +1 Teemo per level

> Retain Duration: 2 seconds, +1 per level

> Cost: 1 Bolt Charge

> Projectile Velocity: Fast (Similar to Ezreal Q)

> Cooldown: 3 seconds, -0.5 per level

W: EMP

> Vee55 sends all radio bolts launched a command to emit an EMP blast which deals low/medium magic damage to units surrounding the bolts (including those struck with said bolts). This abiility has an instant cast animation and can be used without interrupting movement. Units struck by multiple EMP's at once receive an additional 10% damage per bolt, and are silenced for a time. Note: This ability can not be upgraded at level 1, similar to Zilean's behavior.

> Cost: Nothing

> Silence Duration: 0.25, +0.25 per level

> Cooldown: 10 seconds, -1 per level

E: Load

> Vee55 reloads a bolt, increasing her charge count by 1. This ability has a standard cast animation. Note: This ability cannot be upgraded at level 1, similar to Zilean's behavior. Upgrading this ability also increases the maximum number of bolt charges Vee55 can hold by 1.

> Cost: Nothing

> Cooldown: 1 second, -0.1 per level

R: Ion Cannon/Blast:

> **Initial Cast:** Vee55 takes out his ion cannon and begins charging it. This ability has a standard cast animation, and the charging effect can be used in conjunction with standard movement. While charging, a red circular indicator begins rotating around Vee55 over 1 second. At full charge, the indicator moves backwards, discharging over 0.5 seconds.

> Cost: 1 Bolt Charge (The cost is refunded if the secondary abiliy, Blast, is not used)

> Cooldown: 5 seconds, beginning after discharge finishes

> **Secondary Cast:** Vee55 takes aim and releases the energy charged in the Ion cannon, dealing large damage in a line (similar to lux' lazer); this ability has a delayed cast animation (similar to lux' lazer), and the instant line effect stops after the first champion hit (can be body blocked). If a champion is hit, it is mini-stunned for 0.25 seconds.

> Cost: Nothing

> Cooldown: If Blast is used, Ion Cannon's cooldown increases to 30 seconds (-1 per level)
